Hello,
My name is Bryan and I live in Long Beach, CA. I was born and raised in Long Beach and do not plan on leaving any time soon. I come from a big family, I have four siblings (all girls). I graduated from University of California, Irvine in 2013 with a degree in Mathematics. After a year working in the industry as a test engineer I decided I wanted to work towards becoming a software engineer. That is when I found Oregon State's Online Post Bacc Computer Science program. This is my fourth quarter being apart of the program. I can't believe it is already coming up on a year since I started, it is amazing how time flies. I enjoy all sports, but my favorite sport is golf. I am also a big fan of music. I currently really like listening to the vocal trance group Above & Beyond and the indie rock artist James Bay. I am really excited because I just bought a ticket to go the Outsidelands music festival this summer in San Francisco. I will get to see a lot of great music and quite a few of my favorite artists.

Programming Background
Before I started the CS program I had very little programming experience. I took a couple intro courses while in college, but was only capable of writing trivial code. In the first quarter I learned a lot while taking CS161. My favorite program of CS161 was the final project where I wrote a program to calculate the handicap of an individual golfer. The most interesting course I've taken so far was CS271 Computer Architecture. It was the first time I had ever used assembly language and enjoyed the different mindset required to program in that language.
